Stop! Let go of her!
And who are you?
Don't you dare?
I would catch my wife.
Clearly, everyone here can see that Charlotte is engaged to me,
and today is our wedding day.
You're wrong. This man here is my husband.
Darling, don't be mad at me.
Can't just come home and we will talk.
And marry. No pretending.
Kind of sick.
Jackson White?
Jackson White as in the Jackson White of the White Jewelry Group?
You may share the same name as a well-established company president,
but that doesn't mean you can act all high and mighty.
I've heard stories of an ugly duckling,
but I have never heard a story of an ugly bum
dreaming of fairy tales in broad daylight.
Ha! Ha!
Well, you got one thing right.
My name is actually Jackson White,
and I am the president of the White Jewelry Group.
Um, we've never met a Jackson White of the White Jewelry Group.
How can you possibly be him?
Well, for people like you, it's quite rare to have the privilege of meeting someone like me.
Clearly, it doesn't take a rocket scientist to see that you are a poor, homeless man
picked up off the streets.
Let's go home.